what happened here , last Tuesday , senators honourable ? 
a selection committee was achievement . 
yesterday I attended the first to meeting of this committee . 
what to do with the expected the independent committee and I knew too senators admits that it does . 
so what will not concern for the time . 
the selection committee can show some members of the impact . 
the business that over the next two years reshape on a senator . 
it is important to determine what some senators principle of a committee , because , in committee , these nine sit senators . 
therefore I am one of the committee to see that was introduced in the sitting of the nine senators to attend yesterday . 
it was sent a replacement . 
honourable person name , I do senators . 
i am now to you , did not see how this friendly ? 
was the fault senators who will have to find in their own research . 
when an individual must accept the a work , do it . 
the women who have proven sit in the Senate . 
they remplissaient much more that the majority of the men their duty in the Senate . 
i remember that the of veterans of the committee to the February sessions held in 1998 . 
the House of Commons do Ni or sitting in the Senate that point . 
all of the committee sat in the proceedings of women , the Liberals have three senators . 
this to the officers of the Senate committee could not find a man . 
i could cite hon. senator Carstairs took to answer the question I asked , that the word , what word . 
were the criteria are as follows : " I asked Quels ? " 
it was the first to address it in a report has said that the representation of women . 
in 1993 that it had on the parliamentary associations drafted . 
at the time of men were only delegations formées Les . 
i remember that in that I have been replaced by Senator Finestone for a number of years . 
however , I still my association re - enter the opportunity to look preferred . 
i do not know how , when the decision or about these two reports will be senators honourable House . 
every time the senators on television are that verdict . 
by a group of , or wondered journalists or any of students . 
say that we do ? 
it is true , and I will believe . 
however , in fact is that should bring . 
i do not believe in the replacing . 
it should participate in a position to a committee meetings , if it all the provided accept or a senator . 
we are not corridors of the words in which the hon. members : 
do you today and in committee , there is a vote to committee after two years of education , " Présentez final '' . 
they do not even know what they are viewed to them , but when they came to sang sang their leaders . 
they do not know what has happened absolutely . 
the words " '' , " and " in our dedication to the speech continuité senators are honourable way . 
over the next two weeks to reflect on the way we will address the independent of the situation , starting senators . 
if we are not créerai parliamentarians who are concerned about the business of the international committee , I do my own . 
we are no one can gained . 
his Honour the Speaker : 
senator wishes to speak to adopt the motion , is it the pleasure , any other hon. honourable senators , if you do ? 
some hon. members : 
in agreement . 
( motions deemed adopted , the report and agreed to )